 President Xi Jinping, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, delivers a speech at the central conference on political and legal work in Beijing, capital of China. The conference was held in Beijing on Jan 15 and 16, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua]

President Xi Jinping called upon civil affairs authorities to focus their efforts on meeting the requirements of poverty reduction, special groups and matters of public concern in an instruction released on Tuesday.

The remark by Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of Central Military Commission, came as the 14th National Conference on Civil Affairs began in Beijing on Tuesday.

Xi said work related to civil affairs is related to the public's well-being and the hearts and minds of the people, and it is also fundamental work that extends a helping hand to those most in need.

Party committees and governments at various levels should stay committed to a people-centered approach and improve their capacities in civil affairs services at the primary level, he said.

He also urged civil affairs authorities to enhance their Party building, stay committed to advancing reform and innovations, better assume their responsibilities in ensuring the well-being of the public, improve governance at the primary level and provide basic social services.

Premier Li Keqiang met with the participants of the national conference on Tuesday.

He appealed to the civil affairs authorities to prioritize efforts to meet the basic needs of the people, extend assistance to those most in need and build an even more tightly woven safety net for the public's livelihood.

It is also important for them to better meet the needs of the elderly, those with disabilities, the sick, and children living in difficult circumstances, he said, adding that basic social services should be better developed to help the public better address their problems.

The reform to streamline administration, enhance compliance oversight and improve government services should be deepened so that the public can more easily access administrative services, the premier said.

He also highlighted the importance of giving more play to the role of the private sector so that services such as eldercare and nurseries can blossom to enrich the supply of social services and create more jobs.

The premier also called for better development of charity work and further promotion of a spirit of volunteerism to make society warmer and more harmonious.

The conference also highlighted the achievements of work in the sector since the 18th CPC National Congress in 2012, and made arrangements for future work.